quickstart installation (#1468)
pyiron/pyiron: docs/source/installation_quickstart.rst

3. Refresh/restart your shell:
.. code-block:: bash
    source .bashrc

4. Now you have the option of installing pyiron in an environment with:
.. code-block:: bash
    mamba create -n YOURENVNAME
Change `YOURENVNAME` to your liking.

5. Then activate your environment with:
.. code-block:: bash
    mamba activate YOURENVNAME

6. Call this to install pyiron:
.. code-block:: bash
    mamba install -c conda-forge pyiron pyiron_contrib

This can take some time, so just hang tight.

7. Now, we create a `pyiron_resources` folder. This can be placed anywhere, but here we place it in our home folder (e.g. `/home/abc123`).
You can figure out the absolute path of your home directory is by calling `echo $HOME`
.. code-block:: bash
    mkdir /home/abc123/pyiron_resources

8. Now, create our pyiron configuration file, `.pyiron` in the home folder. Paste the following lines into the file:
.. code-block:: bash
    [DEFAULT]
    RESOURCE_PATHS = /home/abc123/pyiron_resources, /software/abc123/mambaforge/envs/pyiron/share/pyiron
    PROJECT_CHECK_ENABLED = False
    #DISABLE_DATABASE = True
    FILE = ~/pyiron.db

> ```

Reviewer: Is thin not already automated using the install_dialog function?

And pyiron should automatically add the approptiate directories in the `$CONDAHOME` to the resources. From there on you could go on to configure :)

Author: In my experience (installed like 5x over the last week), a fresh install from mamba according to the instructions up to this point does not trigger an automatic generation of the `.pyiron` file. It does require the user to write the file in the home directory.

Author: Is the `install_dialog` function triggered upon loading pyiron modules for the first time? Or is it something that needs to be triggered on the python side? At any rate I don't think it does the user harm to know about the `.pyiron` configuration file even at the beginning.

Note the RESOURCE_PATHS contain two entries:
1. `/home/abc123/pyiron_resources`
2. `/software/abc123/mambaforge/envs/pyiron/share/pyiron`
RESOURCE_PATHS tells pyiron where we are storing our executables, job scripts and queue configuration settings.

The first is the directory we just made. The second is where pyiron's environment is located on the filesystem. You can find where it is using `which python` with the environment activated, which yields something like:
`/scratch/pawsey0380/cxc562/mambaforge/bin/python`
And you can replace the `bin/…` bit onwards with `envs/YOURENVNAME/share/pyiron`

9. Now enter the `pyiron_resources` folder and make the `queues` folder:
.. code-block:: bash
    cd /home/abc123/pyiron_resources
    mkdir queues

> Configure the queue on your supercomputer. Edit/create a queue.yaml file in the `queues` folder, with contents of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the queue on your supercomputer. Edit/create a queue.yaml file in the `queues`, for SLURM setup with contents of:
```

Author: addressed in new commit
